hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alert
today we'll be spoiling the 1993 film
Jurassic Park so let's get started the
movie begins with a nearly complete
theme park filled with live clone
dinosaurs known as Jurassic Park created
by the company in Gen whose CEO and
founder is John Hammond the park is
located on Isla Nublar an island off of
Costa Rica after an incident at the park
where a worker is killed by a
velociraptor
Donald Gennaro a lawyer representing the
investors of the park demands to have
experts be brought in to assess the
safety they bring in dr. Alan Grant a
paleontologist dr. Ellie Sattler a paleo
botanist and Ian Malcolm a mathematician
who are all blown away by the dinosaurs
and the plant life that the park has to
offer the group learns that the cloned
dinosaurs are result of extracting DNA
in blood found in mosquitoes that have
been preserved in amber the strand is
often incomplete so the DNA from frogs
is used to fill in the gaps as a safety
precaution all the clones are selected
to be female to prevent breeding
Hammonds grandchildren Tim and Lex
Murphy are also brought to the park to
see if it is actually fun for children
the group sets out on a tour of the park
while Hammond stays back in the control
room to oversee the trip dr. Sattler
separates herself from the group to help
an injured triceratops later a storm
hits the island and cuts the tour short
and the group is supposed to be brought
back to the welcome area where they
started the tour while this is all going
on nedra a computer programmer that
works on the island deactivates the
security system so he can steal a cloned
dinosaur embryo which intends to sell to
a competitor of engine however in
deactivating the security system he
takes out the entire power grid which
deactivates the security fences around
the dinosaurs as well as stops the tour
vehicles leaving the group stranded at
night in a storm
amongst the dinosaurs a Tyrannosaurus
Rex escapes and chases the group and
catches the lawyer Gennaro as he's
sitting on the toilet as Nedry tries to
escape he become
lost in the storm and is killed by a
Dilophosaurus dr. Sattler in the parks
game warden robert muldoon
goes searching for survivors but only
find Malcolm unable to reactivate the
security system Hammond in the parks
chief engineer ray Arnold decided to
reboot the system the group at the
Visitor Center goes to the emergency
bunker while Arnold goes to the
maintenance shed to reboot the system
however he does not return
so dr. Sattler and Muldoon travelled to
the shed themselves Sadler heads into
the shed to recert the power while
Muldoon attempts to fight the Raptors
outside and is ambushed and delivers the
famous clever girl line and is killed
meanwhile dr. grant and Hammonds
grandchildren discovered broken shells
of dinosaur eggs which indicates that
the dinosaurs have been reproducing dr.
grant reasons that is because of some
portion of frog DNA that the dinosaurs
probably have where some frogs are able
to change their sex in certain
environments the three of them travel
back to the visitor center to meet up
with the others where they are chased by
velociraptors when all hope is lost and
they are cornered by the Raptors a
Tyrannosaurus Rex appears and kills the
Raptors the group escapes on a
helicopter and grant informs Hammond
that he does not endorse the park -
which Hammond agrees well that was the
spoilers for Jurassic Park if you have a
film you'd like to see me spoil please
let me know in the comments below check
out movie's spoiler alerts on the
various forms of social media listed
below and remember to like and subscribe
thanks for watching